I don't know what's going on with the meal
I can't wash it after several days.
Hello, sister-in-law found Brother Chen
He's at Dream KTV these days
What? How could he go to a place like that?
Keep drinking bro
When do you promise me to cash in this bag?
Right.
My best friend has been with you for several days.
See your performance again
Brother, how are you?
It's so bad, come on, come on
Chu Cheng
I couldn't find you for so many days
So you're fooling around here
Who is this?
Looks familiar
Hey, this looks a bit like my wife.
Hahahaha
Xiaoqiang
You have disappointed me so much.
Sorry Xiaoxue
I'm doing it for your own good.
Brother Chen, ignore him
We keep drinking
Dot and drink